vp of consulting

1.
ob Title	Vice President Consulting Services
Location	Bangalore
Roles & Responsibilities	Strategic Contributor / leadership role, working with the CEO’s office and instrumental in driving the market development activities, market activation, market planning, devising strategies to tap the knowledge sectors.
This is an opportunity to work side-by-side with new and existing clients, to identify a need for our consulting services. As an integral part of our team, you will capitalize on a strong client base and our reputation as an industry leader to successfully encourage clients to engage our consulting services.

Broadly the role can be defined as below:

Customer engagement and acquisition with responsibility for revenue generation for our Consulting Services in West India and identified international territories.
Key Account Management of accounts globally.
Solution Designing- Identifying customer needs, mapping our offerings to the same, and designing solutions for the customer (using subject matter experts).
Partner / People Development – Attract, retain, grow expert talent in either full time or partner roles as required by the business plan.
Skills Required	
15+ years of experience in consulting solution sales (preferable Process Improvement) to IT, ITES, BFSI & Telecom industry in India.
Preferably a B. Tech followed by MBA
Passion for Client Acquisition and Account Management
Above all – A Breakthrough Performer!

----------------

2.Education for VP, Consulting
Typically a job would require a certain level of education.

Employers hiring for the VP, consulting job most commonly would prefer for their future employee to have a relevant degree such as Bachelor's and Master's Degree in Business, MBA, Economics, Finance, Education, Marketing, Engineering, Management, Graduate, Computer Science

Skills for VP, Consulting
Desired skills for VP, consulting include:

Entire KRA offer
Biddable digital media channels
Specifically programmatic
Business and technology issues that are currently most prevalent in the various sectors
Change management principles
Employee moves
Her particular industry and liaises with specialized colleagues for expert advice on financial
High-end analytics
His
Industry-standard project management methodologies and project life cycles highly desirable
Desired experience for VP, consulting includes:

Consult with local HREs, CPs and the RP on HR issues
Ensure our companies embody Prudentials culture that makes us distinct and successful
As a member of Regional team participate in business meetings to identify HR issues proactively and their resolution
Responsible for HRC support to Regional staff
Partner the M&A process in the region
M&A expertise is strongly desired

---------

3.
ur company is growing rapidly and is looking to fill the role of VP, consulting. To join our growing team, please review the list of responsibilities and qualifications.
Responsibilities for VP, consulting
Excellent client and service focus, absolute confidence in working with decision-makers from all levels of the organization
Set the long term strategic direction of the Consulting and Learning Services business
Help the organization maintain and expand a book of business with existing clients, secure new clients and maintain high levels of client satisfaction
Design, report and present research utilizing a broad range of consultative approaches and analytic techniques in a creative manner
Independently or together with sales, author proposals to support and build business
Design, report and present research utilizing a broad range of research approaches and analytic techniques in a creative manner
Act as a single point of contact to the client CRE team on all regional planning activities and deliverables
Understand and document corporate, business unit objectives, strategies and metrics as background knowledge for alignment of real estate with the business
Understand specific business needs for each location
Collect and aggregate market data (including supply/demand, market rents, landlord financial conditions, trends and other pertinent information) to identify market-drive opportunities for cost savings, consolidation, flexibility, control
Qualifications for VP, consulting
Strategic change management expertise
Strong communications and skills
Client side experience very much preferred, experience in marketing
Excellent oral and written communication skills are required along with experience with Microsoft Office
Ability to tell a compelling story focused on answering key business questions
Ability to listen and appropriately provide insight and persuade clients to one’s point of view

-------------

4.

Our growing company is searching for experienced candidates for the position of VP, consulting. If you are looking for an exciting place to work, please take a look at the list of qualifications below.
Responsibilities for VP, consulting
Detailed knowledge of traditional media and new media required, advertising sales research, media planning or marketing strategy development
Regular review of contact strategy, adoption of innovative inbound service models
Review and test new contact strategies working with our Marketing and Product teams
Overall Quality Management
Produce lucid, well organized, and persuasive client deliverables (typically in PowerPoint) and guide team members as they make contributions to work product
Revenue Growth Management – Price/Pack architecture, Development of defensible Trade Architecture, , Trade & Shopper Spending Strategies, including the Strategic Role of Trade, Premiumization
Trade Spending Optimization – ROI Analytics, and also the design and implement Trade Promotion Management Systems
Sales Leadership Advisory – Implement and execution of new strategies through sales organization through to customers
Project Management– Contribute to or lead multi-faceted projects, efficiently utilizing the various resources within KRA to provide customized solutions for clients in a high quality, timely fashion
A role as part of the Non-IT Sourcing Category Team within Sourcing & Vendor Management, to manage supply-side initiatives / projects related to Workforce Services manage other key initiatives that arise in the wider Non-IT Category arenas
Qualifications for VP, consulting
Minimum 10-15 years of relevant working experience in healthcare/market access consulting, or life science industry
Minimum 15 years of relevant working experience in the market research industry, marketing, or strategic planning
Demonstrated ability to lead results presentation to senior management
At least 5 years relevant experience within the securities markets industry
Industry knowledge or certifications
Ability to identify communications and change management goals in terms of knowledge, attitude, and actions

------------

5.
Our growing company is looking for a VP, consulting. If you are looking for an exciting place to work, please take a look at the list of qualifications below.
Responsibilities for VP, consulting
Trade Spending Optimization – ROI Analytics, and also the design and implementation of Trade Promotion Management Systems
Sales Leadership Advisory – Implementation and execution of new strategies through sales organization through to customers
Manage Projects – Contributing to or leading multi-faceted projects, efficiently utilizing the various resources within KRA to provide customized solutions for clients in a high quality, timely fashion
Operational oversight of all warehouses in the USA system
Assures adherence to KPIs and all activities within all warehouses
Leads the optimization of all customers to maximize profits for Hellmann
Owns the P&L for CLC for all warehouse locations
Responsible for budget preparation for the CLC Product
Owns quality within the warehouse
Assures utmost adherence to safety standards in all warehouses
Qualifications for VP, consulting
Ensure appropriate skills coverage, technical and soft-skill, within the SC team to assure optimum quality and availability of SC support to the sales teams
Provide leadership on hiring, development, coaching, performance management and retention of talent
Represent the practice in in public forums
Contribute to developing and executing on the global strategy for the Digital Consulting practice
MBA/Masters in technology with 10+ years technology and consulting experience
Experience Leading and managing a large (600 seat +) Sales and Support environment (call center) utilizing contact center based strategies

-------------

6.
Our innovative and growing company is hiring for a VP, consulting. Please review the list of responsibilities and qualifications. While this is our ideal list, we will consider candidates that do not necessarily have all of the qualifications, but have sufficient experience and talent.
Responsibilities for VP, consulting
Responsible for the implementation process of new customers for CLC Product
Owns the pricing process for all CLC customers
Aligns with global CLC on strategic initiatives
Member of the USA Leadership Team
Participates in customer presentations and quarterly business reviews
Responsible or assist with management of overall client relationship and quality of all delivery activities and deliverables
Mentor, train and/or lead other more junior consulting team members
Assist in recruiting and onboarding activities
Defining our offerings and capabilities around a FinancialForce PSA solution
Building delivery capabilities in both a direct team and enabling cross training of existing Salesforce consultants on a global basis
Qualifications for VP, consulting
Three to five years’ work experience at a top-tier strategy consulting or other professional services firm with focus on payments
Experience developing questionnaires and conducting qualitative interviews to gather first-hand insight into value chain and competitive actions
Conduct research and data analysis, perform competitive benchmarking, and participate in qualitative interviews to gather market insights
Ability to synthesize qualitative and quantitative data, formulate strategic narrative supported by compelling diagrams/charts/process flows as appropriate
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to effectively facilitate substantive dialogue with client personnel from mid-management to senior levels, respectfully probe sensitive issues and challenge opposing viewpoints within Elavon with the client
Adept user of both PowerPoint and Excel, ability to create compelling diagrams/charts/process flows

---------

7.
Overview of the Role:
The VP of Professional Services typically operates within service-oriented industries such as IT consulting, software development, management consulting, or any business offering specialized services to clients. The primary focus of this role is to ensure the successful delivery of services that meet or exceed client expectations, contribute to client satisfaction and retention, and drive business growth. The VP of Professional Services is a crucial link between the client-facing teams and the executive leadership, helping to align service delivery with overall business objectives.

Key Responsibilities:
1. Leadership and Team Management:
Team Building: Building and leading high-performing teams of professionals, including project managers, consultants, and technical experts.
Talent Development: Identifying and nurturing talent within the organization, providing mentorship and training to enhance skills and capabilities.
Resource Allocation: Efficiently allocating resources to projects based on skills, expertise, and project requirements.
2. Client Relationship Management:
Client Engagement: Cultivating strong, long-lasting relationships with clients, understanding their needs, and ensuring that the services delivered align with their objectives.
Client Satisfaction: Monitoring client satisfaction through feedback mechanisms and implementing improvements based on feedback.
3. Strategic Planning:
Business Strategy: Collaborating with executive leadership to develop and execute the company’s overall business strategy, with a focus on professional services.
Service Expansion: Identifying opportunities to expand service offerings, enter new markets, or enhance existing services to meet changing client needs.
4. Operational Excellence:
Project Management: Overseeing project management processes to ensure timely and quality delivery of services.
Process Optimization: Continuously improving operational processes to enhance efficiency, reduce costs, and increase overall service quality.
Risk Management: Identifying and mitigating risks associated with service delivery, ensuring projects are delivered on time and within budget.
5. Financial Management:
Budgeting: Developing and managing budgets for professional services, ensuring financial goals are met.
Revenue Growth: Collaborating with sales teams to identify upsell and cross-sell opportunities, contributing to revenue growth.
6. Quality Assurance:
Service Quality: Establishing and maintaining quality standards for service delivery.
Compliance: Ensuring that services comply with industry regulations and standards.
7. Communication and Collaboration:
Internal Communication: Facilitating effective communication between different departments, ensuring alignment on goals and strategies.
Collaboration: Collaborating with sales, marketing, and product development teams to ensure a unified approach to client engagement and service delivery.
Required Skills:
To excel in the role of a VP of Professional Services, individuals need a diverse set of skills, including:

Leadership Skills: The ability to inspire and lead teams, fostering a culture of excellence and collaboration.
Strategic Thinking: A forward-looking mindset to contribute to the development and execution of the company’s strategic goals.
Client Relationship Management: Strong interpersonal skills to build and maintain client relationships.
Operational Excellence: A keen eye for operational efficiency, process optimization, and risk management.
Financial Acumen: The ability to manage budgets, forecast financial performance, and contribute to revenue growth.
Communication Skills: Clear and effective communication both internally and with clients is crucial.
Problem-Solving: The capability to identify and solve complex problems in a dynamic business environment.
Adaptability: The capacity to adapt to changing market conditions, client needs, and industry trends.
Challenges:
The role of a VP of Professional Services comes with its share of challenges, including:

Client Expectations: Balancing client expectations with the practical constraints of service delivery.
Talent Retention: Attracting and retaining top talent in a competitive job market.
Market Dynamics: Adapting to changes in the competitive landscape and industry trends.
Technology Changes: Keeping abreast of technological advancements that may impact service delivery.
Project Risks: Effectively managing risks associated with complex projects.
Strategies for Success:
Client-Centric Approach: Prioritize understanding and meeting client needs to build long-lasting relationships.
Continuous Learning: Stay informed about industry trends, emerging technologies, and project management best practices.
Agile Operations: Foster an agile and adaptable organizational culture to respond to changing client demands.
Data-Driven Decision-Making: Leverage data and analytics to inform strategic decisions and identify areas for improvement.
Collaborative Leadership: Embrace a collaborative leadership style that encourages cross-functional teamwork.
In conclusion, the role of a VP of Professional Services is multifaceted, requiring a blend of leadership, strategic thinking, and operational excellence. Success in this role is marked by the ability to build strong client relationships, lead high-performing teams, and contribute to the overall growth and success of the organization. As the business landscape continues to evolve, VPs of Professional Services play a crucial role in navigating change and ensuring that their organizations remain competitive and resilient.

Mission Control, the Salesforce Project Management Software application. We’re helping Professional Services VPs in over 25 countries across the world manage their projects, resources, time, reporting and much more. If you are keen to take a closer look at our platform you can head to our demo request form.

---------



